Two firms i=1,2,engage in quantity competition in the market.
Each of theem chooses the quantity it wants to produce: Firm 1 chooses q1,0<=q1<=30,
and firm 2 chooses q2, 0<=q2<=30.The resulting mjarket price is P(q1,q2)=75-q1-q2.
In additional, the total cost TCi(q1,q2) of firm i depends on 
both firms choices:TC1(q1,q2)=q1^2(1+q2),TC2(q1,q2)=q2^2(1+q1),Each firm maximizes its profit,
i.e. the difference between its revenue (i.e. P(q1,q2)x qi) and its total cost TCi(q1,q2)
(a)Find the best response functions for both firms
(b)Find The Nash equilibrium of the game (Hint:These firms are symmetric)
(b)Show that firm 1's strategy q1=20 is strictly dominated.
(c)Is firm 2's strategy q2=1 dominated ?


Two firms i=1,2,are competing in the market.They simultaneouosly choose their price levels - each firm's price can be low,pi=1 or high ,p1=3.
Product quality of firm 2 can be high or low, and is chosen by Nature.
Product quality of firm 1 is known to be low. Total market demand is 2.Costs are zero.
If product quality of both firms is low and their prices are identical, they will split the market.
If product quality of both firms is low and their prices are different, the cheaper firm will take the entire market.
If product qualities differ,high quality firm will take the entire market,unless the low quality firm is cheaper in the latter case they will split the market.
Firms maximize their profits. We assume that firm 1 is the row player and firm 2 is the column player.
Please answer following questions

(a)Suppose that product quality of firm 2 tunes out to be low and is known to both firms.
Please construct the game table. Find all pure-strategy Nash equilibria.
(b)Suppose that product quality of firm 2 turns out to be high and is known to both firms.
Please construct the game table.Find all pure-strategy Nash equilibris.
(c)Suppose that the product quality of firm 2 is low with probability 0.5 and high with probability 0.5.
These probabilities are known to both firms ex ante. After Nature makes its choice,
only firm 2 knows its product quality.
Please construct the game table.
Find all pure-strategy Nash equilibria(Hint:You need to layout firm 2's strategies carefully)

